Aerodynamic lift - 
    In order to understand what is Aerodynamic lift,
    we need to know the concept of bernoulli's principal.
    When a fluid or a gas is travelling at high speed,
    low pressure is created around the gas or fluid.
    When a fluid or gas is travelling at low speed,
    high pressure is created around the gas or fluid.
    Now let's get into the concept of aerodynamic lift.
    aerodynamic lift is created when a airfoil shaped material
    is travelling at high speed in the air.  
    When this material travels in the air,
    air flows slowly in the bottom and fast in the top.
    So, high pressure is created in the bottom and low pressure at the top.
    Air always tries to go from high pressure to low pressure.
    So when trying to go from high pressure bottom to low pressure top through the wings,
    it pushes the wings upward. That is how aerodynamic lift is created.
    And The lift depends on the tilt angle of the wings, if it is tilted forward,
    the lift will be low and high if it is tilted backwards.
    Note: wings are made in airfoil shape only.

airplane Controls -
        In this tutorial we are going to learn about Joystick Controls of an aircraft.        
        When we are seated inside the aircraft this is located in the front of us.
        So the aircraft goes towards our head-side as much as we pull the joystick towards us and the aircraft goes towards our 
        feet-side as much as we push the joystick outward from us strightly and
        the aircraft rotates anticlock-wise as much as we rotate the joystick anticlock-wise,
        the aircraft rotates clock-wise as much as we rotate the joystick to the clock-wise.
        This aircraft has another one control called, rudder pedals.
        These are located near our foot.
        the aircraft turns left as much as we push the left pedal.
        the aircraft turns right as much as we push the right pedal.

Elevator -
        In order to understand what is elevators, we need to know the concept of aerodynamic lift.
        We have another tutorial on that, so check it out before reading this.        
        Elevator is a moving part that is attached to the tail of the aircraft.
        There are two elevators in an aircraft and they move up and down only.
        And both elevators move in the same direction.
        This controls the up and down action of the aircraft.
        When it moves up, the aerodynamic lift on the them becomes lower than the aerodynamic lift
        on the wings.This causes the aircraft to go up.
        When it moves down, the aerodynamic lift on the them becomes high than the aerodynamic lift
        on the wings.This causes the aircraft to go down.
        And that's how elevators control the direction of the plane.

Rudder -
        In order to understand what is rudder, we need to know the concept of aerodynamic lift.
        We have another tutorial on that, so check it out before reading this.        
        Rudder is a moving part that is attached to the tail of the aircraft.
        There is only one rudder in an aircraft and they move left and right.
        This controls the left and right action of the aircraft.
        So when this turns left, the aerodynamic lift on left side increases and 
        the aerodynamic lift on right side reduceses and this causes the plane to turn left.
        So when this turns right, the aerodynamic lift on right side increases and 
        the aerodynamic lift on left side reduceses and this causes the plane to turn right.
        Which means, the aircraft turns left as much as the rudder turns left
        and the aircraft turns right as much as the rudder turns right.        
        And that's how rudder control the direction of the plane.

Alierons -
    In order to understand what is alierons, we need to know the concept of aerodynamic lift.
    We have another tutorial on that, so check it out before reading this.
    There are two alierons in an aircraft.
    Both alierons are attached to the wings of the aircraft and they move in opposite direction.
    This controls the roll rate of the aircraft by differentiating the aerodynamic lift in each wing.
    If left wing alieron points upward and right wing alieron points downward, the aerodynamic lift on 
    the left wing is reduced and lift on right wing is increased. This causes the aircraft to rotate
    counter clock-wise(or anticlock-wise). 
    If left wing alieron points downward and right wing alieron points upward, the aerodynamic lift on 
    the left wing is increased and lift on right wing is reduced. This causes the aircraft to rotate
    clock-wise. And this is how alierons control the roll rate of the aircraft.